What would I do without your smart mouth, drawin' me in and you kickin' me out?
You got my head spinnin', no kiddin', I can't pin you down.
What's goin' on in that beautiful mind? I'm on your magical mystery ride.
And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me, but I'll be alright.
My head's underwater, but I'm breathin' fire. You're crazy and I'm out of my mind.
Cause all of me loves all of you. Love your curves and all your edges, all your perfect imperfections.
Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you. You're my end and my beginning, even when I lose I'm winning.
Cause I give you all of me, and you give me all of you.
How many times do I have to tell you? Even when you're cryin' you're beautiful too.
The world is beatin' you down, I'm around through every mood.
You're my downfall, you're my muse. My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues.
I can't stop singin', it's ringin' in my head for you.
My head's underwater, but I'm breathin' fire. You're crazy and I'm out of my mind.
Cause all of me loves all of you. Love your curves and all your edges, all your perfect imperfections.
Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you. You're my end and my beginning, even when I lose I'm winning.
Cause I give you all of me, and you give me all of you.
Cause all of me loves all of you. Love your curves and all your edges, all your perfect imperfections.
Love your curves and all your edges, all your perfect imperfections.
Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you. You're my end and my beginning, even when I lose I'm winning.
Cause I give you all of me, and you give me all of you.
I give you all of me, and you give me all of you.